1. Design the algorithm and write the pseudocode for the steps of this algorithm that does the following:

- A welcome message indicating your name (the user).

algorithm:
    . identify the current user
    . display a welcome message to the current user
pseudocode:
    . set var = current user
    . set msg = "Welcome var"
    . print msg

- The host you are logged in on.

algorithm:
    . identify the name of the host computer
    . display the name of the host computer
pseudocode:
    . set host = host computer
    . set msg = "You are logged in to host"
    . print msg

- The date and time you last logged in, not including this time. (Try last -2 $LOGNAME (If this is the first time 
  you have logged in to this system, it is acceptable for the output to indicate the last login is the current login session.))

algorithm:
    . identify the date and time the user last logged in from the command (last -2 $LOGNAME).  The 
      second line would contain the date and time the user last logged in.
    . if there is only one line from (last -2 $LOGNAME) then select the first line.
    . obtain the date and time from the columns in the line
    . display the date and time
pseudocode:
    . set count = the number of lines in the command (last -2 $LOGNAME)
    . if count == 2
        set line = second line
      else
        set line = first line
    . set login_date = the range of columns 4-7 from line
    . set msg = "You last logged in on login_date"
    . print msg

- Displays how many local (non-environment) and environment variables you have defined. (This requires arithmetic.)
- Displays the directories in your search path, in the order they are searched, one-per-line.
2. Takes three valid integers from the user. Make sure they are valid.

3. Finds the largest and smallest number of the three integers.

4. Performs the following on each combination of two from the three numbers and display the results; Addition, subtraction, multiplication and division.

5. Reports that the script is done and exits.